will not create new incidents on update (#19991)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaCloud/ReleaseNotes/2_0_14.md

#### Integrations
##### Prisma Cloud (RedLock)

> - Fixed an issue where an update to an alert will cause the system to create a new one.
> - Updated the Docker image to 3.10.5.31928.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where duplicate incidents were fetched.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.
```
